docs(dns): add docs for dns&domain product (#909)
scaleway/docs-content: network/dns-cloud/how-to/manage-nameservers-internal-domain.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to manage nameservers for an internal domain name

>   description: This page explains how to manage nameservers for an internal domain name with Scaleway Domains & DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains how to manage nameservers for an internal domain name with Scaleway Domains and DNS.
```

content:
  h1: How to manage nameservers for an internal domain name

>   paragraph: This page explains how to manage nameservers for an internal domain name with Scaleway Domains & DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page explains how to manage nameservers for an internal domain name with Scaleway Domains and DNS.
```

dates:
  validation: 2022-10-12
  posted: 2022-10-12
---

> Scaleway Domains & DNS provides a managed DNS solution by providing default nameservers for each domain name. If you want to use your own DNS servers, you can modify the nameservers associated with your domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway Domains & DNS provides a managed DNS solution with default nameservers for each domain name. If you want to use your own DNS servers, you can modify the nameservers associated with your domain name.
```

> Scaleway Domains & DNS provides a managed DNS solution by providing default nameservers for each domain name. If you want to use your own DNS servers, you can modify the nameservers associated with your domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway Domains and DNS provides a managed DNS solution by providing default nameservers for each domain name. If you want to use your own DNS servers, you can modify the nameservers associated with your domain name.
```

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) 

> - You have a domain name registered with Scaleway Domains & DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have a domain name registered with Scaleway Domains and DNS
```

</Message>

> 1. Click **Domains & DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. 
```

>  The Domain & DNS dashboard displays. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Domains and DNS dashboard displays. 
```

 
2. Click the domain name you want to configure.

3. Click **Edit** in the **Nameservers** section of the domain overview page. 

4. Edit the nameserver information. For each nameserver of your domain you can provide:

>     * A fully qualified domain name (FQDN)

Reviewer: It only says "nameserver" now, should we replace this by "A nameserver"?

Author: looks ok to me ?

    * An IPv6 address
    * An IPv4 address

    <Message type="tip">

    IP addresses are only required if you want to create **glue records**. A glue record provides the IP address of a name server so that DNS can resolve the domain name if the domain uses nameservers hosted under that same domain name.

    </Message>

>     It is recommended to confiugure a minimum of two and a maximum of seven DNS servers for each domain name. To add additional servers, click **Add name server** and enter you server's information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend you configure a minimum of two and a maximum of seven DNS servers for each domain name. To add additional servers, click **Add name server** and enter you server's information. 
```
